alataconcha cfpterogona
alocopocythere goujoni
alocopocythere kendengensis
alocopocythere profusa
argilloecia lunata
atjehella cfsemiplicata
atjehella kingmai
atjehella semiplicata
aurila affcorniculata
aurila cfcorniculata
aurila cfdisparata
aurila cfhataii
aurila cfuranouchiensis
aurila disparata
bicornucythere bisanensis
bythoceratina callidictya
bythoceratina cassidoidea
bythoceratina cfangulata
bythoceratina cfcallidictya
bythoceratina cforientalis
bythoceratina cfrobusta
bythoceratina orientalis
bythoceratina robusta
bythoceratina sheyangensis
callistocythere affreticulata
callistocythere affundulatifacialis
callistocythere asiatica
callistocythere cfmultirugosa
callistocythere cfnipponica
callistocythere cfreticurata
callistocythere undata
callistocythere undulatifacialis
cathacythere reticulata
copytus posterosulcus
coquimba cfishizakii
cornucoquimba cfgibboidea
cornucoquimba leizhouensis
cornucoquimba pustulata
cythere omotenipponica
cytherelloidea cingulata
cytherelloidea yingliensis
cytherois leizhouensis
cytheropteron cfignobilis
cytheropteron higashikawai
cytheropteron miurense
hanaiborchella cfmiurensis
haplocythereidea agilis
haplocythereidea cfagalis
hemicytheridea cancellata
hemicytheridea reticulata
hemicytherura cfcuneata
hemicytherura cfkajiyamai
hemicytherura cuneata
hemicytherura kajiyamai
hemikrithe orientalis
hemikrithe reticulata
hermanites bicostata
javanella kendengensis
keijella apta
keijella cfapta
keijella demissa
keijella kloempritensis
keijia demissa
kotoracythere doratus
krithe japonica
leptocythere pulchra
loxoconcha affhattorii
loxoconcha affuranouchiensis
loxoconcha affviva
loxoconcha cfkattoi
loxoconcha cfkosugi
loxoconcha cfuranouchiensis
loxoconcha cfviva
loxoconcha epeterseni
loxoconcha hattorii
loxoconcha japonica
loxoconcha kattoi
loxoconcha malayensis
loxoconcha ocellata
loxoconcha pulchra
loxoconcha zhejiangensis
morkhovenia inconspicua
munseyella japonica
munseyella oblonga
negative class
neocytheretta elongata
neocytheretta faceta
neocytheretta snellii
neocytheromorpha regalis
neomonoceratina delicata
neomonoceratina elongata
neonesidea elegans
neonesidea oligodentata
neopellucistoma inflatum
neosinocythere elongata
nipponocythere bicarinata
nipponocythere delicata
orionina yongleensis
paracathaycythere cfcostaereticulata
paracytheridea tschoppi
paracytherois cfacuminata
paracytherois cftosaensis
parakrithe cfelongata
parakrithe japonica
parakrithella cfpseudadonta
parakrithella pseudadonta
phlyctocythere japonica
pistocythereis affmiaoliensis
pistocythereis bradyformis
pistocythereis bradyi
pistocythereis cfbradyi
pistocythereis cfsubovata
pistocythereis euplectella
pistocythereis subovata
pontocythere cfsubjaponica
propontocypris clara
pseudocythere cfcaudata
robustauria cfishizakii
robustauria salebrosa
semicytherura cfmiurensis
semicytherura cfundata
semicytherura cfwakamurasaki
semicytherura indonesiana
sinocythere dongtaiensis
sinocythere sinensis
sinocytheridea impressa
sinoleberis cftosaensis
spinileberis quadriaculeata
spinileberis rhomboidalis
stigmatocythere affroesmani
stigmatocythere bona
stigmatocythere cfroesmani
stigmatocythere costa
stigmatocythere kingmai
stigmatocythere roesmani
tanella gracillis
triebelina affsertata
xestoleberis hanaii
xestoleberis suetsumuhana